After running away from his home alongside his twin brother, Bismuth, Jasper found that most of the time he was relying on the generosity of others and his own growing magic to avoid the two of them starving to death. If something was going to be the end of them, it sure as hell wasn’t going to be a lack of food. Travelling from town to town, Jasper made bits of money helping out a variety of farmers with cattle that won’t do as they're told, or give a slight boost to the yield of their crops in exchange for enough of a payment to buy them food. Did he occasionally sneak some vegetables into his bag at the same time? Sure. But it was worth it if it meant that they could get through to the next meal. When there was nothing for them to do or buy for a long stretch of time, Jasper would make their own berries for the two of them to eat. It was a pretty nice way to live.

After several months of searching and wandering around with Bismuth, they stumbled across a secluded village that Jasper wasn’t sure he’d ever heard of, which wasn’t all that surprising seeing as it was a good two or three days' travel from the last town they were in. The place was small, with only a handful of residents and a quaint little town square with a few shops scattered around. Honestly, Jasper would be happy staying here. Field surrounding them on all sides, not too many people to have to deal with, it seemed nice. Instinctively going in search of a farm, Jasper found himself wandering the outskirts of the village, looking for areas of crops which could indicate someone who needed his help. It took a little while, and at first he wasn’t even sure whether he’d actually found the right area, but sure enough the rows were ploughed and filled with plants. Dying plants. A couple were still upright, fighting against all odds to stay alive, but even they looked like one wrong wind and they’re crumbling to the ground. Following a small, dried path of dirt through the field, Jasper headed towards the nearby house, a pretty looking wooden bungalow that stretched sideways opposed to upwards; a large area of pens was attached to the one side, holding a variety of chickens and cows and pigs that were sectioned off into different areas for themselves.

Knocking on the door, it took a while before someone answered. Jasper had even begun to think that there was no one there. But after a couple of minutes, the wooden door creaked open a tiny amount, and piercing green eyes glared out at him. This probably looked weird, a random genasi knocking on this guy's door when they knew nothing about him. Quickly introducing himself, Jasper motioned towards the dead fields that lay behind him, before asking what had happened to make it like this.
The man didn’t know. He opened the door properly, leaning against the doorframe and staring sadly out behind Jasper. He was an older looking elven man, with long silver hair that had been quickly pulled back into a ponytail on the back of his head. It was odd, seeing an elf who wasn’t completely put together. He looked tired, and like it had been a long time since he’d had a chance to smile. Explaining the situation, Jasper found out that for the last two years, the crops that he had been trying to grow had simply refused. He’d tried replanting them, magic, recruiting the help of others in the village, all to no avail. He’d managed to make enough not to starve, along with buying things from travelling merchants, but if things continued like this for another year then not only he, but the village as a whole was going to suffer.

After a moment of staring over the land, Jasper turned back to the elf and offered out a hand, properly introducing himself as Jasper ShatterBorne, a travelling druid who wished to help out those who needed it in exchange for help on his travels with his brother. Though, with this situation, he also noted that he was willing to help without payment. He couldn’t just watch as a village suffered through no fault of its own. Smiling almost in a way that suggested he didn’t quite believe him, the elf introduced himself as Nieveler Genlen. Apparently he’d owned the farm for a lot of his life, which being hundreds of years old is far longer than Jasper had even been alive. Nieveler had watched the village prosper and grow into the beautiful little place it was now, and the idea that his inability to grow crops to sustain them being the reason it fell disheartened him to no end. Just from listening to him talk, Jasper could tell that this meant more than anything to Nieveler. He wanted to help his friends, the people who he’s lived with for so long, and genuinely he didn’t know what else to do. After a bit more questioning, Jasper found that there were no druids in the village, as no one had ever really gone into that area, being taught magic from their parents meaning that any magic users were either sorcerers or wizards primarily. The nature aspect had never been at the forefront, which explained why so far there had been no one who knew how to fix this. 

Jasper asked if he could have some time to feel the land. Nieveler seemed confused at the wording, but agreed, telling him to come in for some herbal tea when he was done with whatever he wanted to do. Agreeing with a nod, Jasper turned and walked into the field, feeling the dirt beneath his feet shift with every step. The land seemed like it wanted nothing more than to grow. Simply from the fact that there were still some plants battling through was evidence enough of that. It just felt as if it could no longer grow anything, like everything had been drained from it and left nothing.

Sitting cross legged in the centre of the field, Jasper reached forward to a nearby plant that was drooping half over. Just looking at it made Jasper sad. Placing his fingertips gently on the dirt at the base of the plant, Jasper closed his eyes and took a deep breath in, feeling the wind wash over him, feeling that connection with the Earth that he had grown so used to throughout the years. Putting all his effort into moving the magic through the veins within him and transferring it to his hand, he felt the green fog seep into the ground and spread through the dirt. Sitting like this for a while, Jasper felt himself relaxing more and more the longer he stayed there, which wasn’t that uncommon when he spent extended periods of time outside. It could have been minutes, it could have been hours, Jasper wasn’t sure. He sat there feeling the dirt beneath him and the plants and the bugs crawling through the Earth and birds landing nearby and by the time he felt himself awake from the meditation, the sun was starting to set.

Carefully standing up, Jasper watched his footing amongst the plants that were starting to regrow around where he had been sat. Smiling a little to himself, Jasper stepped onto the nearby path and wandered up to the house, knocking on the door briefly before walking through into the dining room directly to where Nieveler was sat reading a book.
